---
title: Mulling things Over
subtitle: A long weekend away in the West Coast
date: '2021-08-12'
thumb_img_alt: 'Highland Cow '
content_img_alt: Highland Cow
seo:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: []
  extra: []
layout: post
content_img_path: /images/highland_cow.jpeg
thumb_img_path: /images/highland_cow.jpeg
---
After a busy summer of research in Cambridge, it was lovely to escape back home to Scotland for a bit and enjoy a wee vacation on the beautiful West coast island of Mull. A short ferry ride carried us from Oban to our little cottage by Craignure -- a perfect base in the middle of the island which allowed us to explore both the rugged south and the cultural hotspots in the north. The island is host to some dramatic topography as evidenced most prominently by Ben More, the only island munro not belonging to Skye. The wildlife was spectacular too with a couple of highlights being the briefest glimpse of a shy sea otter and the vast wings of a white tailed sea eagle swooping over Calgary bay.

Tobermory, a pilgrimage for big kids with nostalgic memories of early noughties kids TV, is a brightly coloured, traditional fishing village with lots to see and do. Meanwhile, on the other end of the island, Fidden bay is a hidden gem with islands dotted around the bay. This proved a prime kayaking location which claimed both the clearest and coldest waters, making for an invigorating snorkel. Nearby, the small island of Iona is a truly spiritual retreat, centred upon the ancient Abbey founded by St Columba (of Nessie fighting fame). According to an old Gaelic proverb it is said that "Those who come to Iona will come, not once, but three times". Given this was my second trip I look forward to when the waves will take me back for the final time...
